Korea no gimmicks except the gimmick
that is Korea that is their art mods but
there are sheep too bad the deer provide
a better settlement there's a raging
river one tie along between the mountain
and the coast it means a water mill
later just gonna get some great stuff
first a great library would help out the
quest for knowledge one turn left hold
your breath well who got a gamble with
Artemis's temple two wonders give tech
boosts tech boosts give wonders lost the
great lighthouse but moved on to a
mausoleum mausoleum complete so settling
northward bound little settler almost
got two towns zoom in to check out the
faithful quarries and there just might
be a great wall who squared circled on
sure we we actually it looks like a bad
day foggy and cold cold like the peaks
of Machu Picchu told like the profs at
the National College and Holy Church
hits Notre Dom gonna need doink wise in
choirs to keep enemy missionaries at bay
it's a bit of religious bullying before
the battling Oxford University gets
tenure seriously scientific these days
hiawatha is number one that makes him
enemy number three miss lady rocks
korean clothes and she wanted me to
mention she's been doing but robux
yes we're yeah we get it moving on to
war with the French omelette du fromage
and we'll do some submarine warfare
seems Souls being targeted
luckily the cities are strong so strong
it keeps friends from fighting for a bit
enough time to go the castle of
happiness for castles the Scout does not
expect a warm welcome ah which is
probably for the better since it's the
brink of nuclear war the Hubble Space
Telescope signals the beginning of the
end
much like the pyramids hmm I'm gonna one
more turn this because things were too
calm but at first numbers and listed as
Lincoln the pre-war Arrangements
involved finishing the Internet so the
citizens can be distracted by cat videos
then nuke the Portuguese to destroy them
use destroyers also beware the French
I'm thinking Hiawatha wants to
around these tiles too long capturing
cities is cathartic but it's sad to see
them suffer luckily all comes from a
cease fire
what a great area to launch aerial
attacks from thanks mr. France and a
golden age just in time for that cease
fire - cease only a few more turns until
we head into the blue nicked it first
this is a warm vacation destination
smokey though Harris is most beautiful
when it's Korean since it's a bunch of
Islands the bike race will now be known
as the Tour de tours gonna revisit the
war with Maria in a second here pay no
attention to the smokiness of Lisbon
it's now West Korea the north is also
being claimed I our winner I are not
doing math bring on the croutons